Yo mama so tall she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon.
Yo mama so tall Yao Ming looks up to her
Yo mama so tall she tripped in Michigan and hit her head in Florida.
Yo mama so tall she did a back flip and kicked Jesus in the chin
Yo mama's so tall, she did a push-up and burned her back on the sun. 
Yo mama so tall when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th
yo momma is so tall she uses the eiffel tower as a dildo
Yo mama's so tall, she can see her house from anywhere.
Yo momma so tall Lisa Leslie is her minimee
Yo mama so tall, no matter where I go, I can't stop seeing her.
Yo mama so big she has to take a bath in Niagra falls
Yo mamma so long she went to Leeds and her legs were still at home
Yo momma so tall, she's the only one that can put Clifford the Big Red Dog on a tight leash.
Yo mama so tall she called the Ocean a kitty pool.
your mama is so tall she had to take a shower at niagra falls.
Yo momma so tall she uses the Empire State Building as a toothpick
Yo momma so tall she lit her cigarette on the sun.
Yo mama so tall, when she jumped in the air she got stuck between 2 clouds.
Yo momma so tall, she sells sweets in heaven.
Yo mama so tall and clumsy, she airballs more free throws then DeAndre Jordan.
Yo Mama so tall, she got put in the Giraffe Section when visiting a petting zoo.
Yo mama is so long she can take one step and arrive in Australia.
Yo momma is so tall she went swimming in the ocean and it only came up to her ankles.
Yo mama's so big that when they are playing football they used her for the goal post.
YO MAMA was so tall that she uses the sky as her skirt
yo mama so tall her pussy is taller than you.
Yo Mamma So Tall When She Asked Me To Climb Her, I Had To Pack Oxygen.
Yo mama so tall that when she fell stomache first her head was  in the clouds
Yo mama so tall that she makes My Size Barbie look like regular sized Barbie
Yo mama so tall she plays tag with the clouds
yo momma is so tall,when she stood near the giraffe she was asked would you marry me?
Yo mama so tall she changes the fluorescent lighting sitting on the couch
Yo mama so tall that when I told her to take one step back she went to the other side of the world.
Yo momma so tall, she did a cart wheel and put lines through da clouds.
Yo mama is so tall on Christmas when you sit on her head you can see santa flying away in his sleigh.
yo mama so tall when she plays basketball, she has to lie down to put the ball in the hoop
Yo mama so tall she can sit on the London bridge and soak her feet!.
yo mama so flat, white and tall, when she fell people used her as a sidewalk!

You Mama so tall when she did a cartwheel she kicked Jesus in the nuts.
yo mama so tall when I tell her to bend over she's still taller than me.

yo mama so tall when she jump in the sky it hit jesus' balls

Yo mama so tall she could "69" big foot.