yo mama so fat that when she stepped on the scale, her weight was OVER 9000!!! 

        yo mama so fat, she walked in front of the TV and I missed three seasons of Inuyasha! 

        yo mama so fat, Naruto couldnt make enough clones to see all sides of her. 

        yo mama so ugly, she can't even get tentacle raped. 

        yo mama so ugly, even Tamaki wouldn't hit on her. 

        yo mama so fat that the Dragon Ball Z crew uses her to make craters on set. 

        yo mama so ugly, she's the real reason sasuke left the village. 

        yo mama so fat that when she sat down on a park bench, she caused the Naruto timeskip. 

        yo mama so ugly that she's like a Death Note. Get someone to look at her, and they'll die! 

        yo mama so ugly, Jiraiya saw her and turned gay! 

        yo mama so hairy Naruto thought she was a Summon. 

        yo mama so fat, she scared L into giving up all sweets. 

        yo mama so ugly that she made Spike Spiegel choke on his cigarette 

        yo mama so ugly that she makes Sailor Bubba feel dirty. 

        yo mama so fat that she cant even fit in the expanding plug suit.
yo mama so ugly that she made Loz cry. 

        yo mama so dumb that when she was handed the death note, she thought they were asking for her autograph. 

        yo mama so fat that she broke the HP limit! 

        yo mama so hairy and ugly that she got used as Ashitare's stunt double. 

        yo mama so stupid she makes Tristan look like Einstein! 

        yo mama so fat, she makes Vash look anorexic! 

        yo mama so hairy that she has to go to Furfest to meet a man. 

        Yo mama's breath is so nasty that it chases away Miasma. 

        yo mama so round that she makes a Pokéball look flat! 

        yo mama so ugly, Saya thought she was a Chiropteran. 

        yo mama so dumb, she failed out of Cromartie High School. 

        yo mama so old and fat they use her wrinkles as set terrain for Dragon Ball Z. 

        Yo mama's nosehairs are so long that they make Bobobo jealous! 

        yo mama so fat that she was mistaken for Mt. Fuji at the Sakura festival. 

        yo mama so fat she makes a Snorlax look like a chihuahua! 

        yo mama so ugly that when Nozomu Itoshiki saw her, he didn't even bother with his "ZETSUBOUSHITA!" speech - he skipped straight to hanging himself. 

        yo mama so fat that it took the entire Dragon Ball Z crew 1 week just to lift her off the ground. 

        Yo mama's cosplay is so bad that she got beat by a Narutard in the masquerade! 

        yo mama so ugly that when Kakashi looked directly at her, he lost an eye. 

        yo mama so fat that she tried to eat someone dressed as a box of Pocky! 

        yo mama so ugly that she makes Orochimaru look beautiful. 

        yo mama so fat, Choji told her to lose weight.

<< See All of our Yo Mama Joke Categories Here!
