     Yo mama so fat, when she twerks, she becomes a wrecking ball. 

     Yo mama so fat, every time she walks she does the harlem shake. 

     Yo mama so ugly, she made Florida Georgia Line roll their windows UP! 

     Yo mama so ugly she made One Direction go the other way! 

     Yo mama's teeth so nasty Wiz Khalifa wrote a song about them: "Black and Yellow". 

     Yo mama's so stupid she put two M&M's in her ears and thought she was listening go Eminem. 

     Yo mama is so short, she wakes up in a lego house singing "Everything is Awesome". 

     Yo mama so stupid she thinks Fleetwood Mac is a new hamburger at McDonalds! 

     Yo mama so dumb I asked her if she knew Pharrell from the Neptunes and she said she only knows people from Earth. 

     Yo mama so ugly, she was an extra in Michael Jackson’s Thriller video… but she wasn’t wearing any makeup! 

     Yo mama so fat even Meghan Trainor made an exception and called her "treble". 

     Yo mama's so old, she knew the Beatles when they were the New Kids on the Block. 

     Yo mama so dumb she thinks Christmas Wrap is Snoop Dogg's holiday album. 
Yo moms ass is so big it makes Nicki Minaj jealous!! 

     Yo mama so fat they call her "Jenny IS the block" 

     Yo mama so ugly she scared off flavor flav 

     Your mum so ugly when she walked past I thought she was Susan Boyle. 

     Yo momma so fat, everytime she starts singing people leave. 

     Yo mama so fat she has more crack than Whitney and Bobby 

     Yo mama so dumb she took a umbrella to see Purple Rain.

     Yo mama so stupid she thought Meow Mix was a record for cats 

     Yo mama so hairy that she when she ran track everybody sang "Who Let The Dogs Out" 

     Yo mama so stupid she thought the harlem shake was a drink. 

     Yo mama sings so badly that she made Rebecca Black sound like Celine Dion. 

     Yo mama so stupid she thought Tupac Shakur was a jewish holiday 

     Yo mama so fat, she makes "Hammer Pants" look like skinny jeans 

     Yo mama so dumb She went to Dr. Dre for a pap smear. 

     Yo mama so ugly she made Ray Charles flinch.

     Yo momma so dumb she went to a Dodgers game looking for Daddy Yankee.

<< See All of our Yo Mama Joke Categories Here!
