yo mama so fat that she expresses her weight in scientific notation. 

        yo mama so fat that scientists track her position by observing anomalies in Pluto's orbit. 

        yo mama so fat that a recursive function computing her weight causes a stack overflow. 

        yo mama so fat that the long double numeric variable type in C++ is insufficient to express her weight. 

        yo mama so fat that THX can't even surround her. 

        Yo mama's a convenient proof that the universe is still expanding exponentially. 

        Yo mama’s so big that she has a gravitational pull equal to that of the sun. 

        yo mama so big that doctors use scuba divers as nanobots to clean her arteries. The mass of yo mama at rest is approximately equal to that of a neutron star traveling at (1-(10^-1000))c. 

        yo mama so slow and dumb that she can be emulated on a 286. 

        Yo mama conforms to Planck's law - the greater the frequency with which she screws, the more energetic she gets. 

        Yo mama's like a converging lens - she's wider in the middle than she is on either end. 

        Yo mama's dumber than an augmented rat. 

        yo mama so fat that she and the great wall of China are used as reference points when astronauts look back at the Earth.

        Yo mama's such a ho that even the noble gases are attracted to her. 

        yo mama so promiscuous that electrons have a positive charge when they're around her.
yo mama so stupid that her exchange particle is a "moron". 

        yo mama so fat that China uses her to block the internet. 

        yo mama so fat that NASA shot a rocket into her ass looking for water. 

        yo mama so dumb that she went to the dentist and asked for a bluetooth. 

        yo mama so fat that she doesn't just have a low center of gravity, she has an elliptical orbit. 

        yo mama so fat that IEEE is working on a wifi protocol so people can get the signals to reach users on opposite sides of her. It's called 802.11 Draft Fat Momma 

        If we were to code your mom in a C++ function she would look like this: double mom (double fat){ mom(fat);return mom;}; //your mom is recursively fat. 

        yo mama so old that she goes on carbon dates.

<< See All of our Yo Mama Joke Categories Here!
