        Yo mama is so poor that she was in K-Mart with a box of Hefty bags and when I asked her what she was doing she said, "Buying luggage." 

        Yo mama is so poor that when she goes to KFC, she has to lick other people's fingers! 

        Yo mama is so poor that she went to McDonald's and put a milkshake on layaway. 

        Yo mama is so poor that she can't afford to pay attention! 

        Yo mama is so poor that when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked her what she was doing, and she said "moving." 

        Yo mama is so poor that she waves around a popsicle stick and calls it air conditioning. 

        Yo mama is so poor that I saw her running after a garbage truck with a shopping list. 

        Yo mama is so poor that the bank repossesed her cardboard box. 

        Yo mama is so poor Nigerian scammers wire HER money! 

        Yo mama is so poor she couldn't afford to apply for Medicare! 

        Yo mama is so poor that she has to wear her McDonald's uniform to church.

        Yo mama is so poor that she's got more furniture on her porch than in her house. 

        Yo mama is so poor that I came over for dinner and she read me recipes.

        Yo mama is so poor that she has to take the trash IN. 

        Yo mama is so poor that she had to get a second mortgage on her cardboard box.
Yo mama is so poor that she lives in a two story Dorrito bag with a dog named Chip. 

        Yo mama is so poor that I went through her front door and ended up in the back yard. 

        Yo mama is so poor that her front and back doors are on the same hinge. 

        Yo mama is so poor that I saw her wrestling a squirrel for a peanut. 

        Yo mama is so poor that the closest thing to a car she has is a low-rider shopping cart with a box on it. 

        Yo mama is so poor that she can't even put her two cents in this conversation. 

        Yo mama is so poor that when I saw her walking down the street with one shoe and said "Hey miss, lost a shoe?" she said "Nope, just found one!" 

        Yo mama is so poor that her face is on the front of a foodstamp. 

        Yo mama is so poor that I went to her house and tore down some cob webs, and she said "Who's tearing down the drapes?" 

        Yo mama is so poor that I stepped on her skateboard and she said "Hey, get off the car!" 

        Yo mama is so poor that I walked into her house, asked to use the bathroom, and she said "3rd bucket to your right." 

        Yo mama is so poor that when I walked inside her house and put out a cigarette, she said "who turned off the heater?" 

        Yo mama is so poor that your TV got 2 channels: ON and OFF. 

        Yo mama is so poor that she watches TV on an Etch-A-Sketch. 

        Yo mama is so poor that she can't even afford to go to the free clinic.
Yo mama is so poor that she washes paper plates. 

        Yo mama is so poor that her idea of a fortune cookie is a tortilla with a food stamp in it. 

        Yo mama is so poor that when yo family watches TV, they go to Sears. 

        Yo mama is so poor that burglars break in and leave money. 

        Yo mama is so poor that she married young just to get the rice! 

        Yo mama is so poor that when I went over to her house for dinner and grabbed a paper plate, she said "Don't use the good china!" 

        Yo mama is so poor that when I saw her rolling some trash cans around in an alley, I asked her what she was doing, she said "Remodeling." 

        Yo mama is so poor that I threw a rock at a trash can and she popped out and said "Who knocked?" 

        Yo mama is so poor that we were on a road trip and she stopped by a dumpster and got out. I said "what are you doing" and she said I'm "booking a hotel!" 

        Yo mama is so poor that I walked into her house and swatted a firefly and Yo Mama said, "Who turned off the lights?" 

        Yo mama is so poor that when I asked what was for dinner, she pulled her shoelaces off and said "Spagetti." 

        Yo mama is so poor that after I pissed in your yard, she thanked me for watering the lawn. 

        Yo mama is so poor that your family ate cereal with a fork to save milk. 

        Yo mama is so poor that when I ring the doorbell she says,"DING!" 

        Yo mama is so poor that she got in an elevator and thought it was a mobile home. yo mama so poor, that her doormat doesn't say "welcome", it says "welfare". 

        Yo mama is so poor that for halloween, her trick was the treat. 

        Yo mama is so poor that when she tells people her address, she says "it's in the second alley from main street, beside the yellow dumpster." 

        Yo mama is so poor that her idea of a timeshare is a few days camped out under a bridge. 

        Yo mama is so poor that when I saw her in the park digging up plants, she said she was "getting groceries". 

        Yo mama is so poor that when I ring the doorbell I hear the toilet flush!

<< See All of our Yo Mama Joke Categories Here!
