Yo mama's so stupid that it took her 2 hours to watch 60 Minutes! 

        Yo mama's so stupid that when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran out the door with a spoon. 

        Yo mama's so dumb that when she saw the "Under 17 not admitted" sign at a movie theatre, she went home and got 16 friends. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when she went for a blood test, she asked for time to study. 

        Yo mama's so dumb that she got locked in a grocery store and starved! 

        Yo mama is so stupid that you have to dig for her IQ! 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she tripped over a cordless phone! 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she sold her car for gas money! 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she told everyone that she was "illegitimate" because she couldn't read. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that that she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order! 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she took the Pepsi challenge and chose Dr. Pepper. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thought Delta Airlines was a sorority. 

        Yo mama is so dumb that she thinks Fleetwood Mac is a new hamburger at McDonalds! 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she bought a videocamera to record cable tv shows at home.
Yo mama is so stupid that when she read on her job application to not write below the dotted line she put "OK". 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thought Grape Nuts was an STD. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she spent twenty minutes lookin' at an orange juice box because it said "concentrate". 

        Yo mama is so dumb that she asked me what yield meant, I said "Slow down" and she said "What... does.... yield... mean?" 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thought Dunkin' Donuts was a basketball team! 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she put a phone up her ass and thought she was making a booty call. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thinks Tiger Woods is a forest in India. 

        Yo mama is so dumb that she put on her glasses to watch 20/20. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she climbed over a glass wall to see what was behind it. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she failed a survey. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she stopped at a stop sign and waited for it to say go. 

        Yo mama is so stupid, she went to the aquarium to buy a Blu-Ray. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that I told her I was reading a book by Homer and she asked if I had anything written by Bart. 

        Yo mama's so dumb that she tried to commit suicide by jumping out of the basement window. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she needs twice as much sense to be a half-wit.
Yo mama is so stupid that she thought brownie points were coupons for a bake sale. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when the computer said "Press any key to continue", she couldn't find the 'Any' key. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thought Tupac Shakur was a Jewish holiday. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when I was drowning and yelled for a life saver, she said "Cherry or Grape?" 

        Yo mama's so dumb that she sat in a tree house because she wanted to be a branch manager. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that I saw her jumping up and down, asked what she was doing, and she said she drank a bottle of medicine and forgot to shake it. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when she locked her keys in the car, it took her all day to get Yo family out. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she got locked out of a convertible car with the top down. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when she pulled into the drive-thru at McDonald's, she drove through the window. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she put 2 quarters in her ears and thought she was listening to 50 cent. 

        Yo mama's so dumb that she was on the corner with a sign that said "Will eat for food." 

        Yo mama's so dumb that in the 'No Child Left Behind' act there's a provision that exempts yo mama. 

        Yo mama's so dumb that she got locked in a Furniture store and slept on the floor. 

        Yo mama's so dumb that she peals M&M's to make chocolate chip cookies. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she leaves the house for the Home Shopping Network. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she brought a cup to the movie "Juice." 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thinks fruit punch is a gay boxer. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she uses Old Spice for cooking. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she threw a rock the ground and missed. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she went to the store to buy a color TV and asked what colors they had. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she tries to email people by putting envelopes into her computer's disk drive. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when she took an IQ test, the results came out negative. 

        yo mama so stupid that she though Jar-Jar came with Pickles-Pickles. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thought St. Ides was a Catholic church. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she puts lipstick on her head just to make-up her mind

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train. 

        Yo mama is so stupid, that she thought Moby Dick was a sexually transmitted disease. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she took a spoon to the superbowl. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she got stabbed in a shoot out. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she sits on the TV, and watches the couch! 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she took a umbrella to see Purple Rain. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she ordered her sushi well done. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she got fired from the M&M factory for throwing away all the W's. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she put on a coat to chew winterfresh gum. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she put a quarter in a parking meter and waited for a gumball to come out. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she ordered a cheese burger from McDonald's and said "Hold the cheese." 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thinks Taco Bell is a Mexican Phone Company. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thinks Christmas Wrap is Snoop Dogg's holiday album. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she ran outside with a purse because she heard there was change in the weather. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that I told her Christmas was just around the corner and she went looking for it. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she wiped her ass before she took a shit. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she tries to insult you with yo mama jokes. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she put a peephole in a glass door.

        Yo mama is so stupid that I saw her in the frozen food section with a fishing rod. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when she heard 90% of all crimes occur around the home, she moved. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when she saw a "Wrong Way" sign in her rearview mirror, she turned around. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she shoved a AA battery up her butt and said "I got the power!" 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she called the 7-11 to see when they closed.

        Yo mama is so stupid that she sold the house to pay the mortgage. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when I asked her about X-Men she said "Sure, there's Bobby my first baby daddy, Roger the guy I see on Thursdays..."

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thought meow mix was a record for cats. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she took lessons for a player piano. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she said "what's that letter after x" and I said Y she said "Cause I wanna know". 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when she asked me what kinda jeans I wore, I said Guess and she said "Ummm... Levis?" 

        Yo mama is so stupid that if she spoke her mind, she'd be speechless. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that it takes her an hour to cook minute rice. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she asked for a price check at the dollar store. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that on her job application where it says emergency contact she put 911. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she can't make Jello because she can't fit 2 quarts of water in the box. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thinks a stereotype is the brand on her clock-radio. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thought a lawsuit was something you wear to court. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thinks sexual battery is something in a dildo. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that the first time she used a vibrator, she cracked her two front teeth. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she sent me a fax with a stamp on it. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that I saw her walking down the street yelling into an envelope, asked what she was doing, and she said sending a voice mail. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she tried to drown a fish. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that if you gave her a penny for her thoughts, you'd get change. 

        Yo mama is so dumb that she thought Mick Jagger was a breakfast sandwich! 

        Yo mama is so dumb that when she heard her neighbour was spanking the monkey, she called the humane society. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when she took you to the airport and a sign said "Airport Left," she turned around and went home.

        Yo mama is so stupid that when she went to take the 44 bus, she took the 22 twice instead. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she asked you "What is the number for 911?" 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thinks a quarterback is a refund! 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she bought a solar-powered flashlight! 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thought menopause was a button on the VCR. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she picked up the phone and asked "What button do I push?" 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when she worked at McDonald's and someone ordered small fries, she said "Hey Boss, all the small one's are gone." 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she got hit by a parked car. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when her husband lost his marbles she ran to the store and bought him new ones. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when they said they were playing craps she went and got toilet paper. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when I asked her if she wanted to play one on one, she said "Ok, but what's the teams?" 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thinks Johnny Cash is a pay toilet! 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when the judge said "Order in the court," she said "I'll have a hamburger and a Coke." 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she wiped her ass before she took a shit. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thinks socialism means partying! 

        Yo mama is so stupid that when asked on an application, "Sex?", she marked, "M, F, and wrote sometimes Wednesday too." 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thinks deadbeat is a type of music. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she thinks Tiger Woods is a forest. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she put two M&M's in her ears and thought she was listening to Eminem. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that at bottom of application where it says Sign Here - she put Scorpio. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she wouldn't know up from down if she had three guesses. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she once attempted to commit suicide by jumping off a curb.

        Yo mama is so stupid that she put on bug spray before going to the flea market.

        Yo mama is so stupid that she stole free bread. 

        Yo mama's so dumb, she called me, then asked for my phone number. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she locked her keys inside a motorcycle. 

        yo mama so stupid that she got locked inside a motorcycle. 

        yo mama so stupid that she went to the dentist to get a bluetooth.

        yo mama so stupid that she bought tickets to Xbox Live.

        yo mama so stupid that whenever someone rings the doorbell, she checks the microwave. 

        yo mama so stupid that when she broke her VCR, she bought a video tape on how to fix your VCR. 

        Yo mama is so stupid that she tried to drop acid but the car battery fell on her foot.

<< See All of our Yo Mama Joke Categories Here!
