     Yo mama so stupid she bought tickets to Xbox Live. 

     Yo mama so ugly when she plays Mortal Kombat, Scorpion says "Stay over there" 

     Yo mama so fat she sued Xbox 360 for guessing her weight. 

     Yo momma is so stupid, she won't play Candy Crush cause she has diabetes. 

     Yo mamas so fat she needs cheat codes for Wii fit 

     Yo mama so dumb she wouldn't buy a gameboy because she was a girl 

     Yo mama so fat SHE is a map on CALL OF DUTY! 

     Yo mama is so stupid that she died in a flight simulator. 

     Yo mamma so fat even Kirby can't eat her. 

     Yo mama so fat they found carmen san diego in between one of her chins 

     Yo mamas so fat if you slice her in fruit ninja, you automatically win the game! 

     Yo mama so stupid she took the computer to the doctor because it had a virus 

     Yo mama so fat she broke the 64 block limit on Minecraft. 
Yo mama so fat that she counts as a 5 kill streak on Call Of Duty. 

     Yo mama so fat when she plays Mortal Kombat, Sub Zero cant freeze her. 

     Yo mama so ugly, Xbox Kinect rejected her. 

     Yo mama so old and mean, she is the original Angry Bird.

     Yo mama so ugly she's the reason why Sonic runs fast! 

     Yo mama so fat the developers of Forza Motorsport 5 for Xbox One used her as a playable track in the game. 

     Yo mama's so stupid I said something about Pikachu and she said "Bless You!" 

     Yo mama so fat, SHE is a board on the Mario Party Games! 

     Yo momma is so fat when she played Five Nights at Freddy's, Freddy found her and couldn't fit her in a costume.

     Yo mama so ugly, when she played Minecraft all the enderman teleported away to another server. 

     Yo momma so ugly, the ender dragon took one look at her and dropped dead. 

     Yo mama so ugly the animatronic animals from Five Nights at Freddy's ran away the moment they saw her. 

     Yo mamas so ugly she's the reason Eyeless Jack is eyeless. 

<< See All of our Yo Mama Joke Categories Here!
