Yo mama so white she gets a tan from watching the microwave 

        Yo mama so white that when you turn off the lights you can still see her. 

        Yo mama so white, you family wear shades indoors! 

        Yo mama so white, she uses cocaine for makeup. 

        Yo mama so white that the sun has to put on sun glasses... 

        Yo mama so white, she could go to her wedding naked. 

        Yo mama so white and fat, that she is often mistaken for the iceberg that sunk the titanic.  

        Yo mama so white, she makes the Queen look like Queen Latifah.  

        Yo mama so white, she makes the Pillsbury Doughboy look like a Mexican!  

        Yo mama so white, in art class, the art teacher tried to use her for an alabaster sculpture! 

        Yo mama is whiter than Mitt Romney in a Snow storm.  

        Yo mama so white, she makes Zooey Deschanel look like Oprah!  

        Yo mama so white when god said let there be light he could not see her. 

        Yo mama so white she blends in with the snow.
Yo mama is so white, she blinded the angels.

        Yo mama so white she thought Malcolm X was a porno. 

        Yo mama so white, they use her in light houses to guide ships in at night!

        Yo mama so white that she got in the hot-tub and made creamer! 

        Yo mama so white when she holds a Persian cat all you can see is its eyes. 

        Yo mama so white she makes a marshmallow look tan. 

        Yo mama so white, she uses flour as makeup. 

        Yo mama so white, Miley Cyrus said somebody sweep up the white trash 

        Yo mama so white she makes the holy ghost say "Dayum" 

        Yo mama so white, she makes Michael Jackson look black.  

        Yo mama so fat and white when she got hit by a monster truck She said "Who threw that rock?" 

        Yo mama so trashy, when someone asked her what sign she was born under, she replied "I-75, 6 miles".

        Yo mama so white she laid down on a bed and turned in to snow white. 

<< See All of our Yo Mama Joke Categories Here!
