        yo mama so fat that even the Death Star couldn't blow her up! 

        yo mama so fat that Spock couldn't find a pressure point to perform the Vulcan Death Grip on her. 

        yo mama so ugly that Wuher said 'We don't serve your kind here'. 

        yo mama so fat the odds against not finding her fat are approximately 3,720 to 1. 

        yo mama so fat that she thought the opening line of Kirk's monologue was "Spice, the final Frontier..." 

        yo mama so stupid that when the borg had to choose between assimilating her and a tree, they chose the tree. 

        yo mama so fat that if she were placed beside a changeling during regeneration, no one would know the difference. 

        yo mama so fat that she tried to fly through a temporal anomoly but she didn't fit. 

        yo mama so fat she makes Riker's belly look 3 atoms thick. 

        yo mama so fat that when she tried to captain a galaxy class they had to separate the saucer so she could fit. 

        yo mama so fat that she makes the USS Enterprise look like a micro machines racer. 

        yo mama so flatulent that she forced the Mustafarians to wear masks! 

        yo mama so dumb that she tried to rent a car from The Enterprise. 

        yo mama so fat that Dexster Jettster mistook her for his wife. 

        yo mama so ugly that the term 'bantha poodoo' wasn't used metaphorically with reference to her.
yo mama so fat that only half her body was able to come out frozen from the carbon freezing chamber in Cloud City. 

        yo mama so ugly that Dr. Evazan looks like a male supermodel next to her. 

        yo mama so fat that when she beams to a ship, the ship beams inside of her. 

        yo mama so such a ho that she slept with me... therefore, I AM YOUR FATHER! 

        yo mama so dumb that when she found a vulcan, she tried to call Santa to take him back to the north pole. 

        yo mama so fat that the passengers of the Millenium Falcon mistook her for a small moon. 

        yo mama so fat that Gardulla the Hutt had a boost in self-esteem after seeing her. 

        yo mama so ugly that she made doctor McCoy say "Damnit Jim, I'm a doctor, not a Zoologist!" 

        yo mama so fat that she fell to the dark side and couldn't get back up. 

        yo mama so fat that if she was thrown into the second Death Star's reactor core, she could have blown up the entire Imperial fleet. 

        yo mama so fat that the Kaminoans couldn't use her as a host for clones since they couldn't pierce her skin deep enough to draw blood. 

        yo mama so weak-minded that I got her to lead me to Jabba without using a jedi mind trick! 

        yo mama so fat that she caused Kamino to flood when her water broke. 

        yo mama so ugly that she's probably a Shi'ido Clawdite that stays in her regular form all the time. 

        yo mama so fat that her lack of balance caused her to stumble into an Utapau sinkhole.
yo mama so fat that she crushed Boga as soon as she mounted her. 

        yo mama so fat, that in an attempt to beam her up, the ship ended up being pulled down to the surface. 

        yo mama so ugly even Data would need special eye googles to look at her. 

        Yo mama is so hairy that the only language she can speak is wookie. 

        yo mama so ugly her Kazon hairdo is an improvement! 

        yo mama so ugly even a Ferengi would dress her in clothes. 

        yo mama so old even Guinan refers to her as "old bag". 

        yo mama so fat that when she walks into a room the replicators stop working. 

        yo mama so fat, Data feels strong emotions of disgust and self-terminates. 

        yo mama so stupid the Borg wouldn't assimilate her! 

        yo mama so fat she wears her own inertia dampener. 

        yo mama so ugly she did the truly impossible: she made Captain James T Kirk's penis go limp. 

        yo mama so fat, she managed to contain a warp core breach. 

        yo mama so fat, she got stuck trying to enter the Nexus. 

        yo mama so fat, when she fell over, she punched a hole in the fabric of space/time.

<< See All of our Yo Mama Joke Categories Here!
