Yo mama so lazy that she arrived late at her own funeral 

      Yo momma so lazy, she has a stay-at-home job and STILL can't get to work on time. 

      Yo mama so lazy she won the Netflix marathon. 

      Yo mama so lazy she thinks a two-income family is where yo daddy has two jobs. 

      Yo mama so lazy the only two letters of the alphabet she knows is NO. 

      Yo mama so fat and lazy, she ate all the lunch meat and didn't bother to pack you a lunch. 

      Yo mama so lazy she's got a remote control just to operate her remote! 

      Yo mama so lazy that she came in last place in a recent snail marathon. 

      Yo mama so lazy she stole your identity just so she could spend more time with you. 

      Yo mama so lazy her constant quandry is "should I sit down and do nothing or should I lie down and do nothing" 

      Yo mama so lazy she doesn't like walking all the way to the bathroom and it is only two feet away. 

      Yo mama so lazy that she doesn't have the time to argue. 

      Yo mama so lazy she has sweatpants for every day of the week. 

      Yo mama so lazy if your house was on fire she would rather stay there and burn to death than go all the way to a door or window where she can escape.
Yo momma so lazy if she was a kangaroo she would be a pouch potato. 

      Yo mama so lazy her to do list is one word long "nothing" 

      Yo momma so lazy, she stuck her nose out the window and let the wind blow it. 

      Yo momma so fat and lazy the only pull-ups she does is in the Drive-Thru. 

      Yo mama is so lazy she went without a year of eating just cause the dishes weren't clean 

      Yo mama so lazy she doesn't have a dining table, because she always eats in bed. 

      Yo mamma so lazy she lets serious shit slide......down her leg and into her slippers. 

      Yo momma so lazy the only thing she gets excited about is cancelled plans. 

      Yo mama so lazy she undercooks ramen noodles. 

      Yo mama so lazy her patronus is a sloth. 

<< See All of our Yo Mama Joke Categories Here!
