Yo mama is so dirty that that she was banned from a sewage facility because of sanitation concerns. 

        Yo mama is so dirty that she makes mud look clean. 

        Yo mama is so dirty that that you can't tell where the dirt stops and she begins. 

        Yo mama is so dirty that she has to creep up on bathwater. 

        Yo mama is so dirty that she loses weight in the shower. 

        Yo mama is so dirty that even Swamp Thing told her to take a shower. 

        Yo mama is so dirty that the US Government uses her bath water as a chemical weapon. 

        Yo mama is so dirty that when she tried to take a bath, the water jumped out and said "I'll wait." 

        Yo mama is so nasty that she has more rappers in her than an iPod. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that she makes speed stick slow down. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that she brings crabs to the beach. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that that pours salt water down her pants to keep her crabs fresh. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that the fishery pays her to stay away. 

        Yo mama's coochie is so nasty, they make you eat it during "Fear Factor"
Yo mama so nasty she looks like an ogre and smells like puss in boots 

        Yo mama's so nasty, she dropped her toothbrush in the toilet and we had to get a new toilet. 

        Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, when she smiles it looks like a Kraft Singles pack. 

        Yo mama so nasty, I shoke her hand and she gave me gonnorhea 

        Yo mama so nasty, the roaches in her house ask to be sprayed 

        Yo mama's so nasty, she was playing in a sand box and a cat came along and buried her. 

        Yo Mama's so nasty, she went swimming and made the Dead Sea. 

        Yo mama so nasty and smells so bad, that she was entered in the hunger games and won within 30 seconds. 

        Yo mama's so nasty that crabs use her as a hideout. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that she only changes her drawers once every 10000 miles. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that a skunk smelled her breath and passed out. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that I chatted with her on MSN and she gave me a virus. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that her tits leak sour milk. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that she has to use Right Guard and Left Guard. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that she bit the dog and gave it rabies.
Yo mama is so nasty that she has a sign by her crotch that says: "Warning: May cause irritation, drowsiness, and a rash or breakouts." 

        Yo mama is so nasty that she's got more clap than an auditorium. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that she calls Janet "Miss Jackson." 

        Yo mama is so nasty that she has more crabs then Red Lobster. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that she made right guard turn left. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that I when I talked to her on the phone, she gave me an ear infection. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that next to her a skunk smells sweet. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that her shit is glad to escape. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that when you were being delivered, the doctor was wearing the oxygen mask. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that every time she opens her mouth she's talking shit. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that even dogs won't sniff her crotch. 

        Yo mama is so nasty that the only dis I want to give her is a disinfectant.

        Yo mama is so nasty that her crabs use her tampon string as a bungee cord. 

        Yo mama is so greasy that she uses bacon as a band-aid! 

        Yo mama is so greasy that she sweats Crisco! 

        Yo mama is so greasy that Texaco buys Oil from her. 

        Yo mama is so greasy that she sweats butter and syrup and has a full time job at Denny's wiping pancakes across her forehead. 

        Yo mama is so greasy that her freckles slipped off. 

        Yo mama is so greasy that if Crisco had a football team, she'd be the mascot. 

        Yo mama is so greasy that she squeezes Crisco from her hair to bake cookies. 

        Yo mama is so greasy that she's labeled as an ingredient in Crisco. 

        Yo mama is so greasy that you could fry a chicken dinner for 12 on her forehead. 

        Yo mama is so greasy that I buttered my popcorn with her leg hairs. 

        Yo mama's house is so dirty that roaches ride around on dune buggies! 

        Yo mama's house is so dirty that she has to wipe her feet before she goes outside. 

        Yo mama's teeth are so rotten that when she smiles it looks like she has dice in her mouth. 

        Yo mama's teeth are so yellow that traffic slows down when she smiles! 

        Yo mama's teeth are so yellow that she spits butter! yo mama so dirty, she fertilizes her lawn by rolling in it! 

        yo mama so dirty, when a seed gets stuck in her ass crack it beings to grow! 

        yo mama so dirty, she jumped in a river and created a mud slide! 

        yo mama so dirty, when the wind blows people yell "Sand Storm!!!" 

        yo mama so greasy, on hot days she cooks bacon strips on her ass cheeks!

<< See All of our Yo Mama Joke Categories Here!
